Doc on feature flag 'enable_structured_log_in_json' (#50492)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/reference/configuration/log_config.md

| `ignore_unknown_components` | bool | true | Ignore logging requests from unknown components. |
| `entry` | array | [] | Configuration of logging level and/or sampling for specific {{ ydb-short-name }} components, see [{#T}](#entry-objects) below. |
| `uaclient_config` | object | — | Configuration for the Unified Agent client, see [{#T}](#uaclient-config) below. |

> | `enable_structured_log_in_json` | bool | false | For `format: "json"`: if `false`, `message` includes structured values as `key=value` (e.g. `Text (a=1 b=2)`); if `true`, `message` contains only the text and structured values are emitted as separate JSON fields (reserved names are prefixed with `_`). |

Reviewer: и на англ для симметрии

```suggestion
| `enable_structured_log_in_json` | bool | false | For `format: "json"`: if `false`, `message` includes structured values as `key=value` (for example, `Text (a=1 b=2)`); if `true`, `message` contains only the text, and structured values are emitted as separate JSON string fields (for example, `{"message":"Text","a":"1","b":"2"}`). Reserved field names are prefixed with `_`. |
```

> | `json_text_message_without_values` | bool | false | For `format: "json"`: if `false`, `message` includes structured values as `key=value` (e.g. `Text (a=1 b=2)`); if `true`, `message` contains only the text and structured values are emitted as separate JSON fields (reserved names are prefixed with `_`). |

Author: Изменения кода в другом PR
